Update the policy docs to align with Contributor Covenant 3 (#91)
django/code-of-conduct: conferences.md

- Note that we can only tell you whether or not someone appears in our records
  as flagged or banned. We don't guarantee that people have never violated
  a Code of Conduct, as we won't inform you of minor incidents, and records of
  minor incidents are expunged after some time. We also don't do any research
  beyond our own lists.

- If you have any trouble with setting up a Code of Conduct policy for your event,
  reach out to us and we will be able to help you through the process of creating
  one.

## During the event

- If you encounter a Code of Conduct violation at your event that needs to be
  addressed immediately, you can reach out to us and we will try to help you
  through the process of resolving it.

## After the event

Conferences in the Django community are strongly encouraged to keep reports
on all Code of Conduct incidents they handle, and send these reports to the
working group after the end of the conference. Reports should include names
of people involved and, ideally, a description of the facts determined by
the conference team, the review of the incident, actions taken, and responses
to actions taken. We also appreciate any screenshots of original slack or

> twitter messages, or recordings of talks, that show the violation, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
social media messages, or recordings of talks, that show the violation, and
```
Not sure where else we use Twitter in the doc. I saw this one in a quick phone review.
